







	
		
			
				
					
						
					
					
						
					
				
				
					open menu
				
				
					close menu
				
			
			
				
					apple
				
			
			
				
					shopping bag
					
				
				
			
		
		
			
				
					apple
				
			
			
				
					mac
				
			
			
				
					ipad
				
			
			
				
					iphone
				
			
			
				
					watch
				
			
			
				
					tv
				
			
			
				
					music
				
			
			
				
					support
				
			
			
				
					search apple.com
				
			
			
				
					shopping bag
					
				
				
			
		
		
			
				
					
						
						
						
						
					
				
				
			
			
					
						
						
					
				
		
		
			
				
			
			
			
		
	











	




	



/* rsid: */

var s_account="appleglobal,appleuslegal"




	





s.pagename=ac.tracking.pagename()+" (us)";
s.channel="www.us.legal"



/************* do not alter anything below this line ! **************/
var s_code = s.t();



            
      hardwaresoftwaresales & support internet servicesintellectual propertymore resources

    
    
        
            

    
        
    
                1. your acceptance of terms
                welcome to the iwork.com public beta
                the following terms of service (“tos”) are between you and apple and constitute a legal agreement that governs your use of the iwork.com public beta service and website (collectively referred to as the “service”). you must agree to these tos before you can use the service. you can agree to these tos by: a) actually using the service, or b) agreeing to the iwork, keynote, pages or numbers software license agreement, of which these tos are made a part. if you do not agree to any of the following terms, please do not use the service. you should print or otherwise save a copy of these tos for your records. "apple" as used herein means apple inc., located at 1 infinite loop, cupertino, california.
                legal authority
                to use and/or register for the service you must be: a) of legal age to form a binding contract with apple, and b) cannot be a person barred from receiving the service under the laws of the united states or other applicable jurisdiction, including the country in which you reside or from where you use the service. by accepting these tos you represent that you understand and agree to the foregoing.
                changes to this agreement
                apple may update or change these tos from time to time and recommends that you review  the tos on a regular basis. you understand and agree that your continued use of the service after the tos has changed constitutes your acceptance of the tos as revised.
                2. description of the service
                public beta
                you understand and acknowledge that the service is being provided as a “public beta”, and is made available on an “as is” and “as available” basis for the purpose of providing apple with feedback on the quality and usability of the service. the service may contain errors or inaccuracies that could cause failures, corruption or loss of data and/or information from your device and from peripherals (including, without limitation, servers and computers) connected thereto.  apple strongly encourages you to back-up all data and information on your device and any peripherals prior to using the service. you assume all risks and all costs associated with your use of the service, including, without limitation, any internet access fees, back-up expenses, costs incurred for the use of your device and peripherals, and any damage to any equipment, software, information or data. in addition, apple is not obligated to provide any maintenance, technical or other support for the service.
                changing the service
                apple reserves the right to modify, suspend  or stop the service (or any part thereof), either temporarily or permanently, at any time or from time to time, with or without prior notice to you. without limiting the foregoing, apple may provide notice of any such changes to the service by posting them on its websites and/or via the service. you agree that apple shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification or cessation of the service. you acknowledge that apple has no express or implied obligation to provide, or continue to provide, the service, or any part thereof, now or in the future; and in addition, apple may at any time, upon prior notice as required by applicable law, institute charges or fees for the service.
                feedback
                as part of using the service, apple will provide you with the opportunity to submit comments, suggestions, or other feedback regarding your use of the service. you agree that in the absence of a separate written agreement to the contrary, apple will be free to use any feedback you provide for any purpose.
                limitations on use
                apple may impose certain limitations on the use of the service, including, but not limited to, allocating certain levels of storage capacity to your iwork.com account, restricting the number of iwork.com accounts you may register, imposing expiration dates on published documents and removing expired documents from the service. you agree to use the service only for purposes as permitted by these tos and any applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practice in the applicable jurisdiction. apple reserves the right to modify or impose any  limitations on the use of the service at any time, with or without notice to you.
                iwork.com account
                to sign-in and activate the service, you must use your existing apple account (also referred to as an “apple id”) or setup a new apple account if you do  not already have one. this apple account will be used to setup the service for you, and may also be referred to as  your “iwork.com account”. you are responsible for all activity that takes place on your account. please choose a strong password for your account and do not reveal your password to others. you agree that you are responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure, and further understand that you are solely responsible and liable for any activities that occur under your account.
                no resale of service
                you agree that you will not reproduce, copy, duplicate, sell, resell, rent or trade the service (or any part thereof) for any purpose.
                3.    apple privacy policy
                you understand that by using the service, you consent and agree to the collection and use of certain information about you and your use of the service in accordance with apple’s privacy policy. information collected when you use the service may include technical or diagnostic information related to your use that may be used by apple to maintain, improve and enhance the service. for more information please read our full privacy policy at http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/. you further understand and agree that this information may be transferred to the united states and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by apple and/or its affiliates.
                4.    content and your conduct
                content
                "content" means any information that may be generated or encountered through use of the service, such as data files, written text, software, music, graphics, photographs,  images, sounds, videos, messages and any other like materials. you understand that all content whether publicly posted or privately transmitted on the service is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated. this means that you, and not apple, are solely responsible for any content you upload, download, post, email, transmit, store or otherwise make available through your use of the service.  you understand that by using the service you may encounter content that you may find offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and that you may expose others to content that they may find objectionable. apple does not control the content posted via the service, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content. you understand and agree that your use of the service and any content is solely at your own risk.
                your conduct
                you agree that you will not use the service to:
                
                    upload, download, post, email, transmit, store or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful, harassing, threatening, harmful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, abusive, violent, obscene, vulgar, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or otherwise objectionable;
                    stalk, harass, threaten or harm another;
                    pretend to be anyone, or any entity, you are not — you may not impersonate or misrepresent yourself as another person (including celebrities), entity, another iwork.com subscriber, an apple employee, or a civic or government leader, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, (apple reserves the right to reject or block any subscriber id which could be deemed to be an impersonation  or misrepresentation of your identity, or a misappropriation of another person's name or identity);
                    engage in any copyright infringement or other intellectual property infringement, or disclose any trade  secret or confidential information in violation of a confidentiality,employment, or nondisclosure agreement; 
                    post, send, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized email messages, advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, or chain letters, including, without limitation, bulk commercial advertising and informational announcements;
                    forge any tcp-ip packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a posting, or otherwise putting information in a header designed to mislead recipients as to the origin of any content transmitted through the service (“spoofing");
                    upload, post, email, transmit, store or otherwise make available any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to harm,interfere or limit the normal operation of  the service (or any part thereof), or any other computer software or hardware;
                    interfere with or disrupt the service (including accessing the service through any automated means, like scripts or web crawlers), or any servers or networks connected to the service, or any policies, requirements or regulations of networks connected to the service (including any unauthorized access  to, use or monitoring of data or traffic thereon); 
                    plan or engage in any illegal activity; and/or
                    gather and store personal information on any other users of the service to be used in connection with any of the foregoing prohibited activities.
                
                removal of content
                you acknowledge that apple is not responsible or liable in any way for any content provided by others and has no duty to pre-screen such content. however, apple reserves the right at all times to determine whether content is appropriate and in compliance with these tos, and may pre-screen, move, refuse, modify and/or remove content at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, if such content is found to be in violation of these tos or is otherwise objectionable.
                backup your content
                you are responsible for backing up, to your own computer or other device, any important documents, images or other content that you store or access via the service. apple does not guarantee or warrant that any content you may store  or access through the service will not be subject to inadvertent damage, corruption or loss.
                access to your account and content
                you acknowledge and agree that apple may access, use, preserve and/or disclose your account information and content if legally required to do so or if we have a good faith belief that such access, use, disclosure, or preservation is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or request; (b) enforce these tos, including investigation of any potential violation thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property or safety of apple, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
                copyright notice - dmca
                if you believe that any content in which you claim copyright has been infringed by anyone using the service, please contact apple's copyright agent as described in our copyright policy at http://www.apple.com/legal/contact/#copyright-infringement. apple may, in its sole discretion, suspend and/or terminate accounts of users that are found to be repeat infringers.
                violations of tos
                if while using the service, you encounter content you find inappropriate, or otherwise believe to be a violation of these tos, you may report it by sending an email to abuse@iwork.com
                5.    content submitted or made available by you on the service
                license from you
                except for material we may license to you, apple does not claim ownership of the materials and/or content you submit or make available on the service. however, by submitting or posting such content on areas of the service that are accessible by the public, you grant apple a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such content on the service solely for the purpose for which such content was submitted or made available. said license will terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you or apple  remove such content from the public area. by submitting or posting such content on areas of the service that are accessible by the public, you are representing that you are the owner of such material and/or have authorization to distribute it.
                changes to content
                you understand that in order to provide the service and make your content available thereon, apple may transmit your content across various public networks, in various media, and modify or change your content to comply with technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. you agree that the license herein permits apple to take any such actions.
                6.    trademark information 
                apple, the apple logo, iwork, iwork.com, the iwork and iwork.com logo and other apple trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the service are trademarks or registered trademarks of apple inc. in the us and/or other countries. other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the service may be the trademarks of their respective owners. you are granted no right or license in any of the aforesaid trademarks, and further agree that you shall not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary notices (including trademark and copyright notices) that may be affixed to or contained within the service.
                7.    software
                apple’s proprietary rights
                you acknowledge and agree that apple and/or its licensors own all legal right, title and interest in and to the service, and any software (including any content provided therein) provided by apple to you as a part of and/or in connection with the service (the “software”), including any and all intellectual property rights that exist therein, whether registered or not, and wherever in the world they may exist. you further agree that the service (including the software, or any other part thereof) contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws.
                license from apple
                apple grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use the software as provided to you by apple as a part of the service and in accordance with these tos; provided that you do not (and do not permit anyone else to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code (unless expressly permitted or required by law), sell, lease, sublicense, assign, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the software.
                export control
                use of the service and software, including transferring, posting, or uploading data, software or other content via the service, may be subject to the export and import laws of the united states and other countries. you agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations. in particular, but without limitation, the software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any u.s. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the u.s. treasury department's list of specially designated nationals or the u.s. department of commerce denied person’s list or entity list. by using the software or service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. you also agree that you will not use the software or service for any purposes prohibited by united states law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. you further agree not to upload to your account any data or software that cannot be exported without prior written government authorization, including, but not limited to, certain types of encryption software. this assurance and commitment shall survive termination of this tos.
                software updates
                as part of the service, you may from time to time receive updates to the software from apple which may be automatically downloaded and installed to your device.  these updates may include bug fixes, feature enhancements or improvements, or entirely new versions of the software. you agree that apple may automatically deliver such updates to you as part of the service and you shall receive and install them as required.
                copyright and digital imagery
                the service and software may be used to reproduce materials so long as such use is limited to reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce. title and intellectual property rights in and to any content displayed by or accessed through the software or service belongs to the respective content owner. such content may be protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties, and may be subject to additional terms of use of apple, its licensors or the third party providing such content. for example, any stock photographs, images, graphics, clipart, artwork or similar assets (“digital imagery”) that are provided by apple and/or its licensors as part of the software or service (including but not limited to any digital imagery contained within templates, themes or user guides and tutorials) may not be extracted and distributed, commercially or otherwise, on a standalone basis outside of the software or service.
                8.    termination
                termination by you
                you may terminate your account and/or stop using the service at any time.
                termination by apple
                apple may at any time, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate or suspend all or a portion of your account and/or access to the service. cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to: (a) violations of the tos or any other policies or guidelines that are referenced herein and/or posted on the service; (b) a request by you to cancel or terminate your account; (c) discontinuance or material modification to the service or any part thereof; (d) a request and/or order from law enforcement, a judicial body, or other government agency; (e) where provision of the service to you is or may become unlawful; (f) unexpected technical or security issues or problems; or (g) your participation in fraudulent or illegal activitiesany such termination or suspension shall be made by apple in its sole discretion, and apple will not be responsible to you or any third party for any damages that may result or arise out of such termination or suspension of your account and/or access to the service.
                effects of termination
                upon termination of your account you lose all access to the service and any portions thereof, including, but not limited to, your iwork.com account and any documents published thereunder.
                9.     links and third party materials
                certain content, components or features of the service may include materials from third parties and/or hyperlinks to other web sites, resources or content. because apple may have no control over such third party sites and/or materials, you acknowledge and agree that apple is not responsible for the availability of such sites or resources, and does not endorse or warrant the accuracy of any such sites or resources, and shall in no way be liable or responsible for any content, advertising, products or materials on or available from such sites or resources. you further acknowledge and agree that apple shall not be responsible or liable in any way for any damages you incur or allege to have incurred, either directly or indirectly, as a result of your use and/or reliance upon any such content, advertising, products or materials on or available from such sites or resources.
                10.    disclaimer of warranties
                some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, as such, to the extent such exclusions are specifically prohibited by applicable law, some of the exclusions set forth below may not apply to you. 
                you expressly understand and agree that your use of the service is  at your sole risk and the service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. apple and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. in particular, apple and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors make no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements; (ii) your use of the service will be timely, uninterrupted, secure or error-free; (iii) any information obtained by you as a result of the service will be accurate or reliable; and (iv) any defects or errors in the software provided to you as part of the service will be corrected.
                any material transmitted, stored, accessed or otherwise maintained through the use of the service is done so at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your device or loss or corruption of data that results from any such  use of the service. you further acknowledge that the service is not intended or suitable for use in situations or environments where the failure or time delays of, or errors or inaccuracies in, the content, data or information provided by the service could lead to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from apple or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the tos.
                11. limitation of liability
                some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, as such, to the extent such exclusions or limitations are specifically prohibited by applicable law, some of the exclusions or limitations set forth below may not apply to you.
                you expressly understand and agree that apple and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, cost of procurement of substitute goods or services,  or other intangible losses (even if apple has been advised of the possibility of such damages),  resulting from: (i) the use or inability to use the service; (ii) any changes made to the service or any temporary or permanent cessation of the service or any part thereof; (iii) the unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store and/or send or receive your transmissions or data on or through the service; (v) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; and (vi) any other matter relating to the service.
                12.    indemnity
                you agree to defend, indemnify and hold apple, its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by a third party, relating to or arising from: (a) any content you submit, post, transmit, or otherwise make available through the service; (b) your use of the service; (c) any violation by you of these tos; or (d) your violation of any rights of another. this obligation shall survive the termination or expiration of these tos and/or your use of the service.
                13.    notices
                apple may provide you with notices regarding the service, including changes to these tos, by email, regular mail, or by postings on its website and/or the service.
                14.    governing law  
                any litigation or other dispute resolution between you and apple arising out of or relating to these tos or your use of the service will take place in the northern district of california, and you and apple hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of and exclusive venue in the state and federal courts within that district with respect to any such litigation or dispute resolution. this agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the united states and the state of california, except that body of california law concerning conflicts of law. this agreement shall not be governed by the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.
                15.    general
                these tos constitute the entire agreement between you and apple and govern your use of the service. you may also be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content, or third-party software. if any part of these tos is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.  the failure of apple to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these tos shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. you agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in these tos, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. any translation of these tos is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the english and any non-english versions, the english version of these tos shall govern. you agree that any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to these tos or the use of the service must be filed within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever barred.
                last revised: january 19, 2010© copyright 2013  apple inc. all rights reserved.
            
        
    
    

    
        home
legaliwork.com public beta terms of service
    
    
     
hardware and softwarehardware warrantiessoftware license agreementsrf exposuremore resourcesphishing &amp; other suspicious emailsgovernment information requestsglobal trade compliancesupplier provisionscontact apple legalfilemaker legal informationsales &amp; supportapplecaresupport communities terms of&nbsp;useexpress replacement serviceremote support terms and&nbsp;conditionsone to onerepair terms and conditionscertification agreements and policiestraining service terms and&nbsp;conditionssales policiesinternet serviceswebsite terms of useapple media services terms and conditionsitunes gift cards and codesgame center terms and conditionsicloud terms of serviceprint services sales policiesprint services terms of useprivacy policyintellectual propertyunsolicited idea submission policytrademarksrights and permissionsguidelines for using apple trademarks and&nbsp;copyrightspiracy preventioneducationapple school manager


        shop the apple online store (1-800-my-apple), visit an apple retail store, or find a reseller.


	apple info
	site map
	hot news
	rss feeds
	
	contact us
	
		
			
		
	



	copyright © 2017 apple inc. all rights reserved.
	
		terms of use
		updated privacy policy
	


    
    