
        
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                        
                        
                            
                                
                            
                        
                    
                    
                    
                        
    
        
        features
        pricing
        
        g suite
        
        customers
        support
        login
        sign up
        
    


                    
                
            
            
                
                
    
terms of use


    
        limited license 
        your use of the gqueues service constitutes a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to access and use the gqueues service pursuant to the terms of use listed herein.  gqueues reserves the right to terminate this license at any time for any reason.
    
    
        acceptance of terms 
        gqueues provides a limited license for you to use the gqueues service subject to the following terms of use, which may be updated by gqueues from time to time without notice to you. by accessing and using the gqueues service, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provisions of these terms of use. if you do not accept and abide by these terms of use, you may not use the gqueues service. nothing in these terms of use shall be deemed to confer any third party rights or benefits.
    

     
        description
        the gqueues service is a task management application owned and operated by gqueues llc ("gqueues"). you understand and agree that the limited license to use the gqueues service is provided on an as is and as available basis. gqueues disclaims all responsibility and liability for the availability, timeliness, security, or reliability of the gqueues service. gqueues also reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the gqueues service and any related applications with or without notice at any time and without any liability to you.
    

    
        private use
        the gqueues service is made available to you for your private use only. due to the children's online privacy protection act of 1998 (which is available at http://www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm), you must be at least thirteen (13) years of age to use this service. you must provide current, accurate identification, contact, and other information that may be required as part of the registration process and/or continued use of the gqueues service. you agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords associated with any account you use to access the gqueues service, and you are responsible for all activities that occur thereunder.
    

    

        proper use
        you agree that you are responsible for your own communications and for any consequences thereof. you agree that you will use the gqueues service in compliance with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules, and regulations, including any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence. you shall not, shall not agree to, and shall not authorize or encourage any third party to: (i) use the gqueues service to upload, transmit, or otherwise distribute any content that is unlawful, defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, obscene, contains viruses, or is otherwise objectionable as determined by gqueues in its sole discretion; (ii) upload, transmit, or otherwise distribute content that infringes upon another party's intellectual property rights or other proprietary, contractual, or fiduciary rights or obligations; (iii) prevent others from using the gqueues service; or (iv) use the gqueues service for any fraudulent or inappropriate purpose. violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of your account and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences. gqueues reserves the right, but shall have no obligation, to investigate your use of the gqueues service to determine whether a violation of the these terms of use has occurred or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
    

    
        content
        gqueues takes no responsibility for third party content (including, without limitation, any viruses or other disabling features), nor does gqueues have any obligation to monitor such third party content. gqueues reserves the right at all times to remove or refuse to distribute any content on the gqueues service, such as content which violates these terms of use or is, in gqueues' sole discretion, objectionable and/or profane or pornographic. gqueues also reserves the right to access, read, preserve, disclose, and/or delete any information or data it believes is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce these terms of use, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues, (d) respond to user support requests, or (e) protect the rights, property, or safety of gqueues, its users, and the public. gqueues is not responsible or liable for the exercise or non-exercise of its rights under these terms of use.
    
    
        user data
        gqueues agrees that it has no rights to the data, documents, information, or material that you submit in the course of using the gqueues service.  you acknowledge and agree that you have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use all data submitted, and you further agree that gqueues shall not be responsible or liable for the deletion, correction, modification, destruction, damage, loss, or failure to store any of your data, whether submitted by you, shared with others, or received from third parties.  you agree to indemnify and hold gqueues harmless from any liability caused by your use and/or submission of data in violation of a third party's claim to, permitted use of, or copyright or other rights of ownership claimed with respect to such data.  
    

    

        intellectual property rights

        gqueues intellectual property rights
        you acknowledge that gqueues owns all right, title, and interest in and to the gqueues service and all content therein, including without limitation all intellectual property rights and associated applications, and that such rights are protected by united states and international intellectual property laws. accordingly, you agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, or create derivative works from the gqueues service or related applications or any content therein. you also agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automated device, or manual process to monitor or copy any content from the gqueues service or related applications. gqueues' intellectual property rights specifically include, but are not limited to, all rights to (i) the gqueues service developed and provided by gqueues; and (ii) all software associated with the gqueues service and related applications.
        your intellectual property rights 
        gqueues does not claim any ownership in any of the content that you upload, transmit, or store in your gqueues account. gqueues will not use any of your content for any purpose except in connection with the operation of the gqueues service.  however, you agree that gqueues has the right to make available such of your content as is necessary to other companies, organizations, or individuals with whom gqueues has relationships for the operation of the gqueues service and related applications, such as google&trade; and its affiliates, and to use such content in connection with the operation and improvement of the gqueues service and related applications.
    

    
        representations and warranties
you represent and warrant that (a) all of the information provided by you to gqueues to participate in the services is correct and current; and (b) you have all necessary right, power and authority to enter into the agreement of the tos and to perform the acts required of you hereunder.
    

    
        privacy
        as a condition to using the gqueues service, you agree to the terms of the gqueues privacy policy as it may be updated from time to time. gqueues understands that privacy is important to you. you do, however, acknowledge and agree that gqueues may monitor, edit, or disclose your personal information, if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order), or as otherwise provided in these terms of use and the gqueues privacy policy, which can be found at https://www.gqueues.com/privacy.
    

    
        termination; cancellation
        you may cancel your use of the gqueues service without cause at any time by following these directions. gqueues may at any time and for any reason terminate your access to the gqueues service, terminate or modify these terms of use, or suspend or terminate your account. in the event of termination, your account will be disabled, and you may not be granted access to your account or any files or other content contained in your account although residual copies of information may remain in our system. except as set forth above or unless gqueues has previously canceled or terminated your use of the gqueues service (in which case subsequent notice by gqueues shall not be required), gqueues will notify you via email of any such termination or cancellation, which shall be effective immediately upon gqueues' sending of such notice.
    

    
        advertisements
        gqueues lite accounts may be supported in part by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions throughout the gqueues service. these advertisements may be targeted to the content of information stored on the gqueues service, queries made through the gqueues service, or other information submitted to the gqueues service. the manner, mode, and extent of advertising by gqueues within the gqueues service for lite accounts are subject to change without specific notice to you. in consideration for gqueues granting you access to and use of the gqueues service, you agree that gqueues may place such advertising throughout the gqueues service. gqueues accounts with paid licenses will not display advertisements and the content of paid accounts will not be used for the purpose of targeting advertisements.  
    

    
        age requirements for use of gqueues
        gqueues is available for persons age 13 years or older. if you are 13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review these terms and conditions with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand and agree to these terms and conditions.
    

    
        indemnification
        you agree to hold harmless and indemnify gqueues and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of the gqueues service and related applications, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and/or attorneys' fees, of every kind and nature. 
    
    
        jurisdiction and venue
        by your use of the gqueues service, you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within cook county, illinois, usa.
    


additional terms of use for gqueues subscriptions (end user license agreement)
the following terms and conditions apply to all gqueues subscription accounts.

    
        acceptance of gqueues terms of use 
        by using the full version of gqueues and/or submitting payment for an annual subscription, you agree to these additional terms that supplement the gqueues terms of use located above.

        gqueues reserves the right to update and change, from time to time, these additional terms and all documents incorporated by reference.
    

     
        description of features
        the full version of gqueues provides subscribers with all of the features of gqueues lite, plus google calendar integration, assignments, collaboration, reminders, and additional functionality that may be added at a later date.
    

    
        payment terms
        
        
            general terms - if you are purchasing a gqueues subscription, you will be charged automatically and immediately using the payment method you have selected. all currency references are in u.s. dollars.
            payment for subscription - payment occurs on a pre-pay basis and you will be charged for the one year price upfront. subscriptions will automatically renew as specified at the time of initial checkout.  you can turn off auto-renew for your subscription by following these steps for individual subscriptions or these steps for domain subscriptions.  if you turn off auto-renew, near the expiration of your annual subscription, you will be prompted to renew your gqueues subscription, at which time you may elect to continue your annual subscription. if you do not elect to renew your gqueues subscription, your account will automatically revert to a free gqueues lite account upon the expiration of your gqueues subscription.
            cancellation of subscription - please note, unless gqueues gives notice to the contrary, that payment for subscriptions is non-refundable. if you cancel your subscription before the end of the term for which you paid, your cancellation will take effect immediately, and you will not be given any refund.
            termination - if your payment is invalid for any reason, your gqueues account will revert to a free gqueues lite account; provided, however, that gqueues reserves the right to cancel your account entirely in such case, whereupon all the information and content contained within it may be deleted permanently. gqueues accepts no liability for information or content that is deleted due to an invalid payment.
        
    

    
        gqueues' reservation of rights
        gqueues expressly reserves the right to immediately modify, delete content from, suspend, or terminate your account and refuse current or future use of any gqueues version, including gqueues lite, if gqueues, in its sole discretion, believes you have: (i) violated or tried to violate the rights of others; or (ii) acted inconsistently with the spirit or letter of the terms of use or these additional terms. in such event, your gqueues account may be suspended or cancelled immediately in gqueues' sole discretion, all the information and content contained within it deleted permanently, and you will not be entitled to any refund of any of the amounts you have paid for such account. gqueues accepts no liability for information or content that is deleted.
    




last updated january 6, 2014


                
            
            
            
                
                    
                        
                            
                                &copy; 2016 gqueues llc
                                privacy policy
                                terms of use
                                about gqueues
                                blog
                            
                        
                        
                            gqueues llc is not affiliated with google&trade;
                        
                    
                
            
            

            
            
                var menubtn = $('#gqpageheadermenu');
                var nav = $('#gqpagenav');

                menubtn.click(function(){
                    nav.toggleclass('expanded');
                });
            

            

            

  (function() {
    var se = document.createelement('script'); se.type = 'text/javascript'; se.async = true;
    se.src = '//storage.googleapis.com/code.snapengage.com/js/56d524b8-f989-4db2-b84c-d677ca0d8e57.js';
    var done = false;
    se.onload = se.onreadystatechange = function() {
      if (!done&&(!this.readystate||this.readystate==='loaded'||this.readystate==='complete')) {
        done = true;
        /* place your snapengage js api code below */
        /* snapengage.allowchatsound(true); example js api: enable sounds for visitors. */
      }
    };
    var s = document.getelementsbytagname('script')[0]; s.parentnode.insertbefore(se, s);
  })();





        
    